

Sales Rep: Good morning, this is [sales rep name] from [company name] Education. Are you the person in charge of upselling additional products or services at your company?

Young Professional: Yes, I am. How can I help you?

Sales Rep: Great. We specialize in providing high quality educational products and services to help companies stay on the cutting edge of their respective industries. Our mission is to make learning an efficient and rewarding experience for businesses and their employees. I'm sure the products and services we offer would be beneficial to your company. 

Young Professional: That sounds interesting. Can you tell me more about the products and services you offer?

Sales Rep: Certainly! We provide a wide range of educational offerings, from online courses to in-person workshops and seminars. Our courses are designed to help employees stay up-to-date with the latest trends in their fields and improve their skills. We also provide customized solutions for specific needs.

Young Professional: That sounds great. What kind of pricing do you offer?

Sales Rep: We offer competitive pricing and discounts for bulk orders. We are also open to discussing payment plans and other options for businesses with tight budgets.

Young Professional: That's very helpful. Can you tell me more about the customization options you offer?

Sales Rep: Of course! We are happy to work with our clients to design customized courses to meet their specific needs. We can also provide guidance and support to help you make the most of our products and services.

Young Professional: That's great. Can you give me an example of a customized solution you have provided in the past?

Sales Rep: Sure. We recently worked with a company to develop a specialized course on the latest developments in their industry. The course was tailored to their specific needs and was well-received by their employees. We also provide ongoing support to ensure that their employees are up-to-date with the latest trends.