

Sales Rep: Good morning. My name is [Name] and I'm calling from [Healthcare Company]. How can I help you?

College Student: Hi [Name]. I'm [Name], and I'm a college student. What can I do for you?

Sales Rep: Well [Name], I'm calling to see if I can help you with any product returns you may have at the healthcare company. Are you the person in charge of assisting customers with product returns?

College Student: No, I'm not. That's actually [Name], she's the one in charge of that.

Sales Rep: Oh okay, could you please transfer me to her?

College Student: Sure, I'll transfer you right away.

[transfer to person in charge of product returns]

Sales Rep: Hi [Name], my name is [Name] and I'm calling from [Healthcare Company]. I understand you're in charge of assisting customers with product returns? 

Person in Charge of Product Returns: Yes, that's correct. How can I help you?

Sales Rep: Well, I'm calling to see if there's anything we can do to help you with product returns. Are there any issues you are having with product returns that we can help with?

Person in Charge of Product Returns: Actually, yes. We have been experiencing some issues with customers returning products that have been damaged in shipment. We've been having a hard time getting refunds for these products. 

Sales Rep: I see. That sounds like a difficult situation. Well, we have a policy in place that allows us to replace products that have been damaged in transit. So if a customer returns a product that has been damaged in transit, we can replace it for free. 

Person in Charge of Product Returns: That sounds great. That will definitely help us out. 

Sales Rep: Wonderful. Is there anything else we can do to help you with product returns? 

Person in Charge of Product Returns: Actually, yes. We have been having some trouble with customers returning products that they are not happy with. We've been having a hard time getting refunds for these products. 

Sales Rep: I understand. We have a policy in place that allows us to offer a full refund to customers that are not happy with their purchase. So if a customer returns a product that they are not happy with, we can offer a full refund. 

Person in Charge of Product Returns: That sounds great. That will definitely help us out. 

Sales Rep: Wonderful. Is there anything else we can do to help you with product returns? 

Person in Charge of Product Returns: No, I think that should do it. Thank you for your help. 

Sales Rep: You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you? 

Person in Charge of Product Returns: No, I think that should do it. Thank you for your help. 

Sales Rep: My pleasure. Have a great day.